docs: woostack-audit spec (standing-code multi-angle audit) (#421)
howarewoo/monorepo-template: .woostack/specs/2026-06-25-woostack-audit.md

**Audit angle set (on the synthetic diff):**

- **Always-on:** `simplify`, `production-readiness`, `bugs`, `security`.
- **Auto-detected, reused as-is:** `observability`, `types`, `deps`, `tests`, `conventions`
  (when `rules.md` present), + conditional `api`/`database`/`infra`/`react`/`i18n`/`docs`/
  `design`/`seo`/`aeo` on target-path match.
- **`architecture`:** skipped by default in audit — `simplify` owns the full simplification
  surface when `architecture` is absent (the scope-split above). On `woostack-review` diffs both
  run and `simplify` defers structural-shape to `architecture`.

**Reused unchanged:** `run-bounded-swarm.sh`, `verify-receipts.sh`, `merge-findings.sh`,
`validator-prosecutor.md`, `validator.md`, `intersect-findings.sh`, `chunk-diff.sh`,
`resolve-model.sh`, `resolve-outdir.sh`, `recall.sh`, the `_header.md` finding schema. Audit
reaches these by setting `WOO_REVIEW_ACTION_PATH` to the installed `woostack-review` skill dir
and calling its scripts — an **intra-collection dependency** (both skills ship together, like
`woostack-execute` → `woostack-tdd`), not an external one.

**New assets:** `skills/woostack-audit/SKILL.md`, `scripts/build-target-diff.sh`,

> `scripts/render-report.sh`, a thin `audit` config loader, and the 2 angle prompts (home TBD —

Author: **Nit: Stale 'home TBD' forward-ref in spec §5 body**

Spec line 138 says '...the 2 angle prompts (home TBD — §9 Q2).' but §9 Q2 (line 287) is already marked '✅ Resolved (harden): add simplify+production-readiness to review's shared prompts/angles/'. The 'home TBD' language is inaccurate and mildly misleads readers who scan §5 without reading to §9.

Fix: Update the parenthetical on line 138-139 to state the resolved location instead of deferring: replace '(home TBD — §9 Q2)' with '(home: skills/woostack-review/prompts/angles/ — shared with review)'.

```suggestion
`scripts/render-report.sh`, a thin `audit` config loader, and the 2 angle prompts
(home: `skills/woostack-review/prompts/angles/` — shared with review).
```

<sub>— <strong>LOW · NIT</strong> · flagged by the <code>docs</code> agent</sub>

Author: Fixed in `156c133` — replaced the stale "home TBD — §9 Q2" with the resolved home `skills/woostack-review/prompts/angles/` (shared with review).
